So here is my overall processing flow
that combines what we've learned so far.
We have a moving pedestrian.
Its state is represented by a 2D
position and a 2D velocity.
x is equal to px, py, vx, vy.
Each time we receive new
measurements from a given sensor,
the estimation function process
measurement is triggered.
So, at first iteration,
we just initialize the state and
covariance matrix.
Subsequently, we call the prediction and
measurement update.
Before prediction we, have to compute
the elapsed time between the current and
previous observation.
And based on the elapsed time,
we calculate new state transition and
process covariance matrices.
The measurement update step
depends on sensor type.
So if the current observations
come from a radar sensor,
then we have to compute the new Jacobian
Hj, use the non-linear measurement
function to project the predicted
state and call the measurement update.
Otherwise, if the current observations
are generated by a laser sensor,
then we just set up the extended
Kalman filter with the laser H and
R matrices and
then call the measurement update.